fix "daily cases" to "reports" (#158)
epiverse-trace/tutorials-middle: episodes/quantify-transmissibility.Rmd

As these estimates are based on partial data, they have a wide uncertainty interval.

> + From the summary of our analysis we see that the expected change in reports is `r summary(estimates)$estimate[summary(estimates)$measure=="Expected change in reports"]` with the estimated new confirmed cases `r summary(estimates)$estimate[summary(estimates)$measure=="New confirmed cases by infection date"]`.

Author: ```suggestion
+ From the summary of our analysis we see that the expected change in reports is `r summary(estimates)$estimate[summary(estimates)$measure=="Expected change in reports"]` with the estimated new confirmed cases `r summary(estimates)$estimate[summary(estimates)$measure=="New infections per day"]`.
```
